README.md, before:


[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-24ddc0f5d75046c5622901739e7c5dd533143b0c8e959d652212380cedb1ea36.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/ebT1wQO_)

### [Figma lofi](https://www.figma.com/file/IBLoF2xyqG0d7f90zHKmgB/LOFI?type=design&node-id=0-1&mode=design&t=ifxkhHARR7QzGWlZ-0)
![figma lofi prototype](/imdb-klon-1/img/Figma%20layout.png)
![ERD](/imdb-klon-1/img/ERD.png)
![sitemap](/imdb-klon-1/img/sitemap-last-version.jpeg)

## User Stories

#### Visitor:
- As a visitor, I want to be able to browse movies  without needing to sign in, so I can explore the content before creating an account.

- As a visitor, I want to see a user-friendly homepage that showcases popular movies in genres so I can quickly find interesting content.

- As a visitor, I want to read brief summaries and view trailers for movies, so I can make informed decisions about what to watch. 

#### User:
- As a user, I want to be able to create an account easily using my email or social media accounts, so I can personalize my experience on the site.

- As a user, I want to be able to rate and review movies,  so I can share my opinions with the community and discover new content based on recommendations. 

#### Admin:
- As an admin, I want to be able to manage and update the database of movies and TV shows, ensuring accurate and up-to-date information on the platform.

- As an admin, I want to have the ability to moderate and manage user reviews to maintain a respectful and positive community environment.

- As an admin, I want to have the ability to delete users.

Commit message:

added another user story for user

README.md, after:


[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-24ddc0f5d75046c5622901739e7c5dd533143b0c8e959d652212380cedb1ea36.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/ebT1wQO_)

### [Figma lofi](https://www.figma.com/file/IBLoF2xyqG0d7f90zHKmgB/LOFI?type=design&node-id=0-1&mode=design&t=ifxkhHARR7QzGWlZ-0)
![figma lofi prototype](/imdb-klon-1/img/Figma%20layout.png)
![ERD](/imdb-klon-1/img/ERD.png)
![sitemap](/imdb-klon-1/img/sitemap-last-version.jpeg)

## User Stories

#### Visitor:
- As a visitor, I want to be able to browse movies  without needing to sign in, so I can explore the content before creating an account.

- As a visitor, I want to see a user-friendly homepage that showcases popular movies in genres so I can quickly find interesting content.

- As a visitor, I want to read brief summaries and view trailers for movies, so I can make informed decisions about what to watch. 

#### User:
- As a user, I want to be able to create an account easily using my email or social media accounts, so I can personalize my experience on the site.

- As a user, I want to be able to rate and review movies,  so I can share my opinions with the community and discover new content based on recommendations. 
- As a user i want to save movies i like and/or want to see to a list

#### Admin:
- As an admin, I want to be able to manage and update the database of movies and TV shows, ensuring accurate and up-to-date information on the platform.

- As an admin, I want to have the ability to moderate and manage user reviews to maintain a respectful and positive community environment.

- As an admin, I want to have the ability to delete users.
